As a Public User, I want to Search for Information, so that I can obtain publicly available information concerning properties, County services, processes and other general information.
As a Prospective Applicant, I want to research requirements and to select a service, so that I can find the relevant service and/or application type to initiate via the online portal.
As an Applicant, I want to Request PreApplication Assistance, so that I can receive a response to a request for a meeting or information that is a result of the preapplication assistance.
As a Customer, I want to Create a Customer Portal User Account, so that I can log on to the Customer Portal and perform transactions that first require user authentication.
As an Applicant, I want to Submit Application, so that I can provide my information, plans and/or documents to initiate a transaction with the County.
As an Applicant, I want to Submit Supporting Documentation, so that I can satisfy documentation requirements for my application.
As an Applicant, I want to Pay Fee, so that I can satisfy outstanding charge associated with the service requested or received from the County.
As an Applicant, I want to Check the Status of a transaction, so that I can understand where the provisioning of my service is in the process, such as information related to service levels, fees, plan review, permit, or inspection results.
As an Applicant, I want to Modify my Application, so that I can successfully change information on an application.
As a Staff member, I want to Perform a Completeness Review, so that I can validate when an application is complete and eligible for further technical review.
As a Staff member, I want to Record an Internal Note, so that I can share information with other Staff collaborating on the record.
As a Staff member, I want to Assign an Application for Detailed Review, so that I can review the for compliance and subsequently approved or denied.
As a Staff member, I want to Apply a Hold, so that I can prevent progression through the workflow or other actions in the system until the issue is resolved.
As a Staff member, I want to Remove a Hold, so that I can allow progression through the workflow or other actions in the system now that the issue has been resolved.
As a Staff member, I want to Send a Formal Response to Applicant, so that I can satisfy communication and records responsibilities.
As a Staff member, I want to Track  the Draft Proffers, so that I can preserve the history of draft proffer statements submitted by the Applicant.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Approved Proffers, so that I can ensure compliance with and satisfaction of the proffer in the future.
As a Staff member, I want to Manage Ordinances, so that I can maintain accurate ordinance information in the System.
As a Staff member, I want to Schedule a Meeting, so that I can bring the required parties together at a specific date/time to address an issue.
As a staff member, I want to denote an application with a Final Action status. So that I can finish it.
As a Planning Staff member, I want to Conduct and Track Plan Amendments and Planning Studies, so that I can record work in process, outcome, and location-based information related to the Plan(s).
As a Planning Staff member, I want to Generate Planning-related Reports, so that I can access, analyze and/or export the needed information in the format I requested.
As a Planning Staff member, I want to Evaluate Consistency with the Comprehensive Plan, so that I can complete my required review of a plan set and/or application.
As a Staff member, I want to Perform a Staff Review, so that I can validate compliance of an application with the Zoning Ordinance and impact approval/denial of the application accordingly.
As a Zoning Staff member, I want to Process the Requests for Zoning Information, so that I can capture my response to the request in the system and also send a communication from the system to the Applicant.
